# 0234. Palindrome Linked List

## General idea
From the definition, a palindrome has its first half matched with the reversed second half.

1. A possible solution to copy the LinkedList to extra Data Structures is rejected by the restriction O(1) space, 
including making a copy of the input to reverse, or even a Stack for reversing.

2. A straight forward solution is to find the middle of the LinkedList, reverse the second half of it, and compare with the first half.

3. An improved solution is to reverse the first half when travelling to the middle, and compare the reversed first half with the second half.

4. Another solution is recursion since it is about order. However, recursion uses O(n) space implicitly.


## How to come up with own solutions
* Grab a piece of white paper.
* 90-10 stratege: 90% time for thinking, 10% time for coding.
* Read the description carefully.
* Find and write down input-output-functionality.
  - input: a LinkedList
  - output: boolean
  - functionality: determine if it is a palindrome
* Find and write down restrictions.
  - O(n) time
  - O(1) space
* Abstract tasks and information to higher level as a conceptuality.
* Determine what groups it belongs to.
  - LinkedList
* Connect to tricks commonly used for these groups and estimate if they help to make the tasks easier.
  - Hash Table
  - List
  - Set
  - Two Pointers: Prev-Curr, Slow-Fast
  - Recursion
  - Dummy Node
  - Loop through
* Decompose the tasks into sub-tasks according to tricks and mark them down.
* Manipulate this optional solution with a general example to make sure it works.
* Find other solutions and repeat above steps, and then estimate their time-space complexity.
* Pick one solution and move on to implement.

