# 0217. Contains Duplicate 

## Related problems
The difference to **0026. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array**
is that this problem only needs to check duplication.

- One straight forward solution is to sort the *array* followed by comparing with the adjacent cells.
  Note it is overkilled because it knows which exact number is duplicated.
- Another solution is using *Hash Table* to find the duplication during hashing.
  Note it is overkilled too because it knows which exact number is duplicated.
  Also note *Dictionary* is the implementation for *Hash Table* in Python.
- A solution is using *Set* which doesn't need to know which exact number is duplicated.

## How to come up with own solutions
* Grab a piece of white paper.
* 90-10 stratege: 90% time for thinking, 10% time for coding.
* Read the description carefully.
* Find and write down input-output-functionality.
  - input: array of numbers
  - output: boolean
  - functionality: check for any duplication
* Find and write down restrictions.
* Abstract tasks and information to higher level.
* Determine what groups it belongs to.
* Connect to tricks commonly used for these groups and estimate if they help to make the tasks easier.
  - Array
  - Sorting
  - Two Pointers
  - Hash Table
  - Set
* Decompose the tasks into sub-tasks according to tricks and mark them down.
* Manipulate this optional solution with an example.
* Find other solutions and repeat above steps, and then estimate time-space complexity.
* Pick one solution and write Pseudocode.
