# 0141. Linked List Cycle


## General idea
A *cycle* in LinkedList is a sequence of nodes, which contains a same node more than once. It has the sense of *duplication*.

In order to find the cycle, we have to travel along the LinkedList to see if we visit a same node more than once.

However we can not compare with all seen nodes at each step, which is inefficient.

1. Therefore we can move nodes into a data structure at each step, and see if we encounter a node already there.

2. Another solution is to send out two pointers with different strides, *Slow-Fast Runner*,
and the trick is if there is a cycle then they must meet, no matter how long they run.


## How to come up with own solutions
* Grab a piece of white paper.
* 90-10 stratege: 90% time for thinking, 10% time for coding.
* Read the description carefully.
* Find and write down input-output-functionality.
  - input: The head of a LinkedList
  - output: Boolean
  - functionality: Check if existing a cycle in the LinkedList
* Find and write down restrictions.
* Abstract tasks and information to higher level conceptuality.
* Determine what groups it belongs to.
  - List and travelling
* Connect to tricks commonly used for these groups and estimate if they help to make the tasks easier.
  - Two Pointers
  - Hash Table
* Decompose the tasks into sub-tasks according to tricks and mark them down.
* Manipulate this optional solution with an example.
* Find other solutions and repeat above steps, and then estimate their time-space complexity.
* Pick one solution and switch to implement.

