# 0876. Middle of the Linked List 

## General ideas
The LinkedList has no random access. We have to travel along using *node.next*.

To determine the middle, 
a straight forward solution is to count the middle of the length.
That is, first travel over to the end with a counter,
and then with a second travel to obtain the middle node. 

The improved solution is based on noticing the exact number of length is unnecessary.
Thus we can move the "local answer" at the same time when travelling the LinkedList to the end.
That is, travel the LinkedList once with 2 pointers of different strides. *Slow-Fast Runner*.
Slow runner has stride 1, and Fast runner has stride 2.

After checking with "Discuss", I found the two solutions pay the same price.

Alternatively but overkilled, we can use extra data structures, i.e., Hash Table, List to store both of the index and the node.
  

## How to come up with own solutions
* Grab a piece of white paper.
* 90-10 stratege: 90% time for thinking, 10% time for coding.
* Read the description carefully.
* Find and write down input-output-functionality.
  - input: Head of a LinkedList 
  - output: Middle node
  - functionality: Find the middle node
* Find and write down restrictions.
  - Non-empty LinkedList
  - Pick the second one if there are two middle nodes
* Abstract tasks and information to higher level conceptuality.
* Determine what groups it belongs to.
  - LinkedList
* Connect to tricks commonly used for these groups and estimate if they help to make the tasks easier.
  - Two Pointers
  - Hash Table
  - Set
* Decompose the tasks into sub-tasks according to tricks and mark them down.
* Manipulate this optional solution with an example to make sure it works.
* Find other solutions and repeat above steps, and then estimate their time-space complexity.
* Pick one solution and switch to implement.
