# 0160. Intersection of Two Linked Lists

## General idea

Potential solution with **_Hash Table_** is rejected by restriction "O(1) space".

Potential solution with **_reversing_** both is rejected by restriction "keep the original order of the inputs".

Potential solution **_Brute Force_** is rejected by restriction "O(n) time".

An interesting solution is **_Two Pointers_** from watching the running of the two LinkedLists.
1. Starting both from the beginning, if the two runners have the same lengths, they should meet each other at the intersection.
2. However, if they have variant lengths, they should miss each other by getting the intersection earlier and later.
The solution contains 2 rounds:
- Round-1: Both runners start togerther to count how many the extra steps the later takes;
- Round-2: Let the slower run ahead for the extra steps, and then send out the earlier to run together.
Therefore in Round-2, they must meet at the intersection, otherwise each ends at None.
Note no one knows who is the earlier and who is the later for counting the difference,
therefore we count the total lengths of both to decide, instead of just counting for the difference.

Finally, the improved solution is from the suppied standard solution,
where it uses the trick to swap the tracks immediately at the end of Round-1 
to offset (counteract) the difference, without needing to know the exact difference.
  
  
## How to come up with own solutions
* Grab a piece of white paper.
* 90-10 stratege: 90% time for thinking, 10% time for coding.
* Read the description carefully.
* Find and write down input-output-functionality.
  - input: 2 LinkedLists
  - output: a node
  - functionality: find the node starting the intersection of the two LinkedLists
* Find and write down restrictions.
  - No intersection returns None
  - Keep the original orders of the inputs
  - No cycle
  - O(n) time and O(1) space
* Abstract tasks and information to higher level as a conceptuality.
* Determine what groups it belongs to.
  - LinkedList
* Connect to tricks commonly used for these groups and estimate if they help to make the tasks easier.
  - Hash Table
  - List
  - Set
  - Two Pointers: Prev-Curr, Slow-Fast
  - Recursion
  - Dummy Node
  - Modify travel Loop
* Decompose the tasks into sub-tasks according to tricks and mark them down.
* Manipulate this optional solution with a general example to make sure it works.
* Find other solutions and repeat above steps, and then estimate their time-space complexity.
* Pick one solution and move on to implement.

