# 0344. Reverse String

## General ideas:
A straight forward solution from the definitions is creating a same size array copying elements from the input with a backward pointer. 
However, it violates the restriction of "O(1) space". 

Another straight forward solution is *Two Pointers*.

A little bit more advanced solution is to calculate pointer-2 from pointer-1.

Next solution is *Recursion*. 
The trick is to use a helper function with additional arguments which is convenient for recursion instead of the given function.
However, since *Recursion* uses "O(n) space", it violates restrictions too, thought it satisfies "in-place".

We also supply an inspired solution using Recursion, although it vilates "in-place".


## How to come up with own solutions
* Grab a piece of white paper.
* 90-10 stratege: 90% time for thinking, 10% time for coding.
* Read the description carefully.
* Find and write down input-output-functionality.
  - input: array of characters
  - output: array of characters
  - functionality: output is reversed to input
* Find and write down restrictions.
  - in-place
  - O(1) space
  - elements are ascii characters
* Abstract tasks and information to higher level as a conceptuality.
* Determine which group it belongs to.
  - Array
* Connect to Data Structures, Algorithms and tricks commonly used for the group and estimate if they help to make the tasks easier.Useful Data Structures are 
  - Hash Table
  - Set
  - Two Pointers
  - Sorting
  - Loop through
* Manipulate this optional solution with a general example to make sure it works.
* Find other solutions and repeat above steps, and then estimate their time-space complexity.
* Pick one solution and decompose the tasks into sub-tasks according to your chosen tools and mark them down.
* Move on to *How to implement your own solutions*.
