# 70. Climbing Stairs

After trying for test cases n=1, n=2 and n=3, we still have no idea for the solution.
It looks like a problem for "Permutation and Combination", but the slots are not "fixed", but "dynamic".
The conceptuality of the problem gives us a guess for "Recursion".
Then we took a look at the hint, then we are sure it can be solved using "Recursion".

- One straight forward solution is "Recursion", but it has to use memory storage to reduce redundance.
See implementation for details and bugs we encountered.

- Then we checked the standard solutions,
it suggests it is a "Dynamic Programming" problem,
because "the problem can be broken into subproblems
and it contains the optimal substructure property 
i.e. its optimal solution can be constructed 
efficiently from optimal solutions of its subproblems".
Note it uses an array to store the optimal subproblems results one by one from beginning. 

- Next it notices the problem happens to be a "Fibonacci Number",
and it loops and uses 2 variables to store the necessary values at each iteration, instead of using an array.

- The other two are "Fibonacci Formula" and "Binets Method",
which we don't care.



## How to come up with own solutions
* Grab a piece of white paper.
* 90-10 stratege: 90% time for thinking, 10% time for coding.
* Read the description carefully.
* Find and write down *input-output-functionality*.
  - input: int n
  - outptut: int
  - functionality: calculate how many ways can climb the stairs
* Find and write down restrictions.
  - n <= 45
* Abstract tasks and information to higher level as a conceptuality.
* Determine which group it belongs to.
  - Math
* Connect to *Data Structures*, *Algorithms* and tricks commonly used for the group and estimate if they help to make the tasks easier.
  - Unknown
* Manipulate this optional solution with a general example to make sure it works.
* Find other solutions and repeat above steps, and then estimate their *time / space complexity*.
* Pick one solution and decompose the tasks into sub-tasks according to your chosen tools and mark them down.
* Move on to "How to implement your own solutions".
